Dataset: msmarco
Queries:
what does the market cap indicate?
what is paranoid sc
what is grenadine in drinks
view pay stub
who said never let a tragedy go to waste
largest container ship in the world
is a presynaptic neuron is stimulated
when was internet explorer first released
definition of anthropology
scar meaning in swahili
adverse synonym
who plays archie's mom on riverdale
which of the following types of electromagnetic radiation has the smallest frequency?
how far is disney world from universal
how did amber alert get its name
did jonah die in the belly of the whale
what is decon on nfl uniforms
what is rustic italian food
why do we push others away
when ventricles in brain are widely spaced and no csp

Corpus lengths:
155
15
31
19
25
2
19
53
660
19

Dataset: mldr
Queries:
Who is the leader of the syndicate and owner of the illegal baby farm Paraiso?
Who resigned in protest at the new Southern Rhodesian constitution?
When did commercial flights for space tourism using SpaceShipTwo begin?
What is the significance of the numbers in the table?
What is the title of the book written by Sarah Cook and Beryl Graham?
What events led to King assuming leadership of The Latin American Xchange (LAX) and how did it impact the group?
Who first accused Senator Rufus King of having a conspiracy to organize a new antis?
What acts did Frank Sheeran claim to have participated in during his war service?
Who gives Dorothy a sword?
What initiatives has the Philippines government undertaken to improve airport security and infrastructure?
When was the game released?
What position did he finish on the season's leading run-getters list?
When did the Diablo III Battle.net servers go live?
What is the topic of James J. Lorence's dissertation at New York University in 1982?
What are some of the awards and honors received by the mentioned works and authors?
What was the reason for Guan Zhe and HAYA Band's elimination from the competition?
When was Radioland Murders released?
What are the different types of test cycles used in chassis testing for engine power and speed variation?
What is the significance of the crown in Amsterdam's coat of arms and how has it changed over time?
What is the extent of forest cover in Nepal and its contribution to the country's geographical area?

Corpus lengths:
300
294
240
273
266
324
233
362
354
250

Dataset: nfcorpus
Queries:
Vitamin D: Shedding some light on the new recommendations
Alli
adenovirus 36
Rutin
cooking methods
nuts
Iowa Women’s Health Study
Boosting Heart Nerve Control
folic acid
Antioxidant Content of 300 Foods
Should We Avoid Titanium Dioxide?
Dietary Theory of Alzheimer's
chlorophyll
Zoloft
taro
Preventing Strokes with Diet
sirtuins
EPIC Findings on Lymphoma
The Actual Benefit of Diet vs. Drugs
Titanium Dioxide & Inflammatory Bowel Disease

Corpus lengths:
122
135
117
130
128
101
120
111
145
115

Dataset: nq
Queries:
when does auto start-stop automatically shutdown the engine
how long do nhl players stay on waivers
what grade was arnold from hey arnold in
who won the first season of america's got talent
who was ursula the sea witch based on
what does the application of contract of adhesion mean
who do they fight in the justice league
what is the movie dazed and confused about
who sings love will keep us alive by the eagles
who was the famous scientist that ran the research lab moseley went to in manchester
when did mcdonald's sell 1 million burgers
who plays steve's wife on my three sons
who wrote the book the origin of species
when was rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead written
how did the communists establish control in the new union of soviet socialist republics
how much were the actors in the office paid
when was pac man released in the us
what is the ethnic background of the shib sibs
who plays the prosecutor on law and order svu
when did the soviet union start and end

Corpus lengths:
48
51
36
68
45
49
34
55
51
50

Dataset: hotpotqa
Queries:
Are both Forman Christian College and Purbanchal University public schools?
What was the name of the first biography of Brontë written by the author of Mary Barton?
Li Yitong played Huang Rong is a tv series directed by who?
What is the focus of the movie in which Nolan North played the role of Superboy?
Which came out first, Dinosaur or McFarland, USA
Which canal is located farther east, Champlain Canal or Warren County Canal?
Lost Kingdom Adventure is a dark ride located at four Legoland theme parks, including which park, which is the original Legoland park, that was opened on June 7th, 1968?
Lighthouse Beach is a small section of the Fire Island National Seashore that is adjacent to a state park in Long Island that is how big?
How many employees does the company that unveiled a deal to acquire IGATE have?
Jihad: A Story of the Others is a documentary by the director who is of what descent?
Where was the comedian from And There's More born?
What is the manufacturer of the car used by the Ford CD2 platform's design inspiration?
What "sport" involving animals dates all the way back to the Tang Dynasty and continued to the beginning of the 19th century?
Mr. & Mrs. Mxyzptlk is an episode of the superhero TV series that originally aired on what network?
During Siege of Bharatpur, which Commander-in-Chief of Ireland and Commander-in-Chief of India contributed to the storming of the castle?
Pedro Duque and Mark Shuttleworth both went where in their life times?
Where is the University Joe Odom played football for located?
Which college football team for the University of Oregon did Enoka Lucas played for
Leo A. Harris was also known for his handshake deal with Walt Disney that permitted the University of Oregon to use the likeness of what cartoon character created in 1934 at Walt Disney Productions?
In what year was the drummer from the album "Angel of Retribution" born?

Corpus lengths:
40
40
36
41
43
31
42
30
33
29

Dataset: fiqa
Queries:
New car: buy with cash or 0% financing
How does spot-futures arbitrage work in the gold market?
What does it mean “sell on ask” , “sell on bid” in stocks?
Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets?
Will my father still be eligible for SNAP if I claim him as my dependent?
Difference between Vanguard sp500 UCITS and Vanguard sp500
How does Walmart account their expired food
How common is “pass-through” health insurance?
Finance, Cash or Lease?
Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match?
What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money?
does interest payment on loan stay the same if I pay early
Tax consequences when foreign currency changes in value
IS it the wrong time to get into the equity market immediately after large gains?
Why do put option prices go higher when the underlying stock tanks (drops)?
Why sometimes payable date is BEFORE the ex-dividend date?
Challenged an apparently bogus credit card charge, what happens now?
Does the IRS reprieve those who have to commute for work?
How would I go about selling the stock of a privately held company?
United States Treasury Not Endorsing Checks

Corpus lengths:
81
129
107
122
96
116
142
91
87
66

Dataset: quora
Queries:
Who is the President of America now?
What are the things that separate India from other countries making it unique in that special way?
What things can we learn from MS Dhoni?
What are some good reasons to not kill yourself?
What are some movies similar to "L'auberge espagnole"?
Who is your favorite not-so-famous Quoran?
How does sulfur help acne? How should it be used?
What is the best way to learn ROS?
What would happen if there was no Moon?
Which countries have large numbers of neo-Nazis?
What's the best cloud storage for you?
What programs have been written using c#?
Is it possible to change my DOB in birth certificate?
How was the University started in the first place?
Politics: How many people have been killed in the name of god?
What's the best way to understand concepts?
What IIT is the best for a PhD in Theoretical Physics?
Which WordPress theme should I use for my website?
How much does it cost to advertise on inMobi?
How does Samsung Stylus Pen work?

Corpus lengths:
20
20
21
21
21
21
21
21
23
21

Dataset: dbpedia-entity
Queries:
Members of the band Jefferson Airplane.
Give me all current Methodist national leaders.
degrees of Eastern Orthodox monasticism
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
social network API
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
sri lanka government gazette
YMCA Tampa
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Who created Goofy?
allegedly caused World War I
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.
North Dakota's lowest river of another colour
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
List of films from the surrealist category
philadelphia neufchatel cheese
Give me all Frisian islands that belong to the Netherlands.
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
vietnamese food blog
the big texan steak house

Corpus lengths:
35
39
40
32
40
33
38
28
34
38

Dataset: scidocs
Queries:
Direct Pose Estimation and Refinement
A Comprehensive Survey of Neighborhood-Based Recommendation Methods
Tolerating hardware device failures in software
An energy market for trading electricity in smart grid neighbourhoods
Comparison of Different Grid Abstractions for Pathfinding on Maps
Lifted Proximal Operator Machines
Digital image forensics: a booklet for beginners
Mobile Shopping Consumers' Behavior: An Exploratory Study and Review
Active Sampler: Light-weight Accelerator for Complex Data Analytics at Scale
Quark-X: An Efficient Top-K Processing Framework for RDF Quad Stores
Context Adaptive Neural Network for Rapid Adaptation of Deep CNN Based Acoustic Models
In situ X-ray imaging of defect and molten pool dynamics in laser additive manufacturing
Reconnaissance d'événements et d'actions à partir de la profondeur thermique 3D. (Event and action recognition from thermal and 3D depth Sensing)
Genetic algorithms and Machine Learning
Authentication anomaly detection: a case study on a virtual private network
Near or Far, Wide Range Zero-Shot Cross-Lingual Dependency Parsing
A probabilistic framework for object search with 6-DOF pose estimation
BlueGene/L Failure Analysis and Prediction Models
“Mask-Bot 2i”: An active customisable robotic head with interchangeable face
Robust Structured Light Coding for 3D Reconstruction

Corpus lengths:
101
77
87
78
89
93
61
86
78
55

Dataset: fever
Queries:
Faye Resnick is a person.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in the country Czech Republic.
Death Note was based on an manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba.
Trouble with the Curve was released in 2002.
Computer chips became Virginia's most valuable export in 2002.
The Hit is a 1984 film.
Brian De Palma is a writer.
The Quiet was released in May of 2005.
Manchester by the Sea is distributed by Paramount Studios
Northwestern University is a founding leader of the Big Ten Conference.
Guns N' Roses started in 1985.
Michael Hutchence has yet to die.
The Monster appears on the album The Marshall Mathers LP 2.
Mercedes-Benz is a division of a German automobile manufacturer.
Nothing was ever produced in Burbank, California.
A polynomial consists of variables.
Super Bowl XLV was the second time the Super Bowl was played in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
Mikhail Prokhorov is an erstwhile chairman of Polyus Gold.
Kung Fu Panda made at least $60.2 million in theaters.
Cars 3 isn't the third Cars movie Brian Fee has worked on.

Corpus lengths:
104
79
99
77
83
58
82
64
80
87

Dataset: climate-fever
Queries:
Over the coming 25 or 30 years, scientists say, the climate is likely to gradually warm
Thousands of coral atolls have "drowned" when unable to grow fast enough to survive at sea level.
By 2100 the seas will rise another 6 inches or so—a far cry from Al Gore’s alarming numbers
Despite attention on global warming, "fewer Americans carpool today to work than carpooled in 1980" and "SUVs have never been a larger proportion of the vehicles being sold in this country."
Actual reconstructions "diverge" from the instrumental series in the last part of 20th century.
“Ice-free means the central basin of the Arctic will be ice-free
Hansen's 1988 results are evidence that the actual climate sensitivity is about 3°C for a doubling of atmospheric CO2.
a marginally significant warming trend in the data over the past several years, erasing the temperature plateau that vexed climate alarmists have found difficult to explain.
It’s usually taken to be the fact that as carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere increase, the 1 per cent of CO2 that’s the heavier carbon isotope ratio c13 declines in proportion.
In a study last year, Robert M. DeConto of the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and David Pollard of Pennsylvania State University used their computer model to predict what would happen if emissions were reduced sharply over the next few decades, in line with international climate goals.
The extreme cycles of dry and wet weather appear to have been intensifying over the last three decades.
for thousands of millions of years the Earth has been changing, with cycles­ and one-off events such as an asteroid impact, super-volcano or a supernova explosion.
The acceleration is making some scientists fear that Antarctica’s ice sheet may have entered the early stages of an unstoppable disintegration.
"...there has been no increase in the global average surface temperature for the past 16 years" (Judith Curry and David Rose)
Environment Minister Greg Hunt the Coalition's emissions reduction fund, at $13.95 per tonne of carbon, is around 1 per cent of the cost of reducing carbon under the former Labor government's carbon pricing scheme, which he cost $1,300 a tonne.
While methane is a more potent greenhouse gas than CO2, there is over 200 times more CO2 in the atmosphere.
the U.S. is shattering high temperature records far more frequently than it is shattering low temperature records.
The United States is the leading nation in the world "with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change."
During the period 1940 to 1976 there was a cooling of the climate despite increasing CO2 levels.
The melting in the polar ice caps and in high altitude plains can lead to the dangerous release of methane gas

Corpus lengths:
86
102
77
85
98
110
120
82
95
32

Dataset: scifact
Queries:
In adult tissue, most T cells are memory T cells.
Increased microtubule acetylation repairs LRRK2 Roc-COR domain mutation induced locomotor deficits.
Vitamin D deficiency is unrelated to birth weight.
The composition of myosin-II isoform switches from the polarizable B isoform to the more homogenous A isoform during hematopoietic differentiation.
Errors in peripheral IV drug administration are most common during bolus administration and multiple-step medicine preparations.
Cytochrome c is released from the mitochondrial intermembrane space to cytosol during apoptosis.
Monoclonal antibody targeting of N-cadherin inhibits metastasis.
A total of 1,000 people in the UK are asymptomatic carriers of vCJD infection.
Modifying the epigenome in the brain affects the normal human aging process by affecting certain genes related to neurogenesis.
1,000 genomes project enables mapping of genetic sequence variation consisting of rare variants with larger penetrance effects than common variants.
Gene expression does not vary appreciably across genetically identical cells.
UCB T cells reduce TCR diversity after transplantation.
High levels of CRP reduces the risk of exacerbations in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
The YAP1 and TEAD complex tanslocates into the nucleus where it interacts with transcription factors and DNA-binding proteins that modulate target gene transcription.
Primary cervical cancer screening with HPV detection has higher longitudinal sensitivity than conventional cytology to detect cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2.
Lymphadenopathy is observed in knockin mouse lacking the SHP-2 MAPK pathway.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and interleukin-1 (IL-1) are pro-inflammatory cytokines that inhibit IL-6 and IL-10.
The amount of publicly available DNA data doubles every 10 years.
Smc5/6 engagment drives the activation of SUMO E3 ligase Mms21 by ATP-dependent remolding.
Antiretroviral therapy reduces rates of tuberculosis across a broad range of CD4 strata.

Corpus lengths:
105
92
102
108
94
88
104
118
101
100

